Clarify timeout and terminate_after docs (#71713)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/rest-api/common-parms.asciidoc

tag::terminate_after[]
`terminate_after`::
(Optional, integer) Maximum number of documents to collect for each shard. If a
query reaches this limit, {es} terminates the query early. {es} collects
documents before sorting.
+

> IMPORTANT: We do not recommend specifying this parameter. When possible, {es}
> performs early termination automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Use with caution. {es} applies this parameter to each shard handling
the request. When possible, let {es} perform early termination automatically. We
do not recommend specifying this parameter for requests that target data streams
with backing indices across multiple data tiers.
```

> performs early termination automatically.

Reviewer: Thanks for the clarification @jimczi. I pushed 0f84337e41e7cfbd58426f3c876536c8c8bcdb0a to address. Let me know if the updated copy looks okay to you.

> performs early termination automatically.

Reviewer 2: thanks

tag::terminate_after[]
`terminate_after`::

> (Optional, integer) The maximum number of documents to collect for each shard,
> upon reaching which the query execution will terminate early. Documents are collected
> before sorting. Early termination is done automatically when possible, so this setting
> is not recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional, integer) Maximum number of documents to collect for each shard. If a
query reaches this limit, {es} terminates the query early. {es} collects
documents before sorting.
+
IMPORTANT: When possible, {es} performs early termination automatically. We do
not recommend specifying this parameter.
```
